Good morning, family! Praise the Lord, it is day 45 of praying in a row.
I know I have skipped a couple, but we are pretty much dead on 45, so praise the Lord. I have some things on my heart today.
I was praying and the Lord showed me some things in the spirit to pray about today, so we're going to get right to it.
I want to backtrack a little bit and talk about when the Lord told me that He was bringing the cure for cancer to the world and the body of Christ. He said this has plagued generations for too long now.
He said, 'Son, the cure for cancer is out there.'He said that evil men in power have held it back for material gain, and He said, 'I'm going to crush them, the ones that have held back the cure.'I saw a man in a laboratory mixing this stuff up, and he found a greater cure for cancer.
It was a daily supplement that you take to prevent it and cure it. The Lord gave supernatural wisdom to this person.
While he was in this laboratory mixing this supplement, the Lord showed me that it was just a little bit of this and a little bit of that.
People have told me, 'Oh, it's Ivermectin'and all this other stuff, but that is not what I saw.
I saw a supplement that was a preventative and a cure coming in the future.
Whenever I was praying, the Lord showed me to pray for Robert F.
Kennedy Jr.. He told me to intercede for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
because attacks were coming against him because of the freedom that he wants to bring to the FDA and the food industry to expose the darkness that has been in place worldwide.
It started out of America and went into Europe and Asia. The Lord showed me it had tentacles for corruption, poisoning people through our foods and environmental factors.
There's a lot of corruption intended to depopulate the world.
The Lord showed me not everything is good with him, but he will expose a lot of the darkness.
There are roots of things that are not all good, so I'm not sitting here on the Kennedy bandwagon, but he has an assignment to fulfill to expose darkness that the enemy has tried to bring to shorten human life.
There are plenty of resources on this Earth to sustain life beyond 8 billion or 14 billion.
Whatever they say about depopulation agendas—those are evil things.
The Lord knew what we needed before our little peanut brains tried to figure it out.
God is all-sufficient. It didn't shock Him that there are 8 billion people.
God is a God of surplus. This Earth is never a shock to Him. It's greed and demonic, reprobate thinking. These men in high power are influenced by demonic spirits.
I can't mention their names, but these men are buying up farmland and causing corruption for material gain, joining up with the devil.
I have seen certain men in meetings with the devil, and they are influenced because he has given them power and wealth.
Wealth brings influence so they can maneuver their plans into motion.
They don't listen to the poor, they listen to the rich, and the rich have power.
That is why God wants to raise up godly men and women of influence.
You have the Greens and Mardel—the Hobby Lobby people. They are good Christian people who love the Lord.
You have people of influence with money who are able to help the body of Christ, like they helped Oral Roberts University.
The Lord is going to raise up new billionaires. You may not like that word, but get over it.
Billionaires are going to have great influence in the world's economy to help bring forth God's agenda.
Just as the devil has had his hand on certain individuals, God is going to raise up godly generals in the army of God who have influence to say, 'No, you're not going to do this,'because they have the finances to back them.
It takes money to get the ball rolling. They don't listen to the poor man; they listen to the rich man making and pushing the laws through evil plans.
They say, 'If you don't do this, we're not going to fund your candidacy.'You need godly men and women to say, 'You are going to put godly laws into motion or we are not going to help you.'Money talks.
I got off on that, but the Lord told me it is about praying for Robert F.
Kennedy Jr. because there are plans to not let him get in. We must pray for him so that he can expose darkness.
I saw that his agenda to expose darkness was personal to him, something close to his heart.
I don't study these candidates; the Lord just said this is personal to him.
A long time ago, I told you I was interceding for a company for which the Lord gave me a name.
I birthed this out in the spirit. I prayed over Protandim for a long time before Protandim ever existed.
I heard the word 'Protandim'in the spirit and didn't understand it.
I had my wife help me Google it because I didn't know how to spell it, but the Holy Spirit kept telling me the name Protandim.
I interceded for Protandim for years without knowing what it was. I was in my 20s.
The Lord said, 'Just keep praying over it; I need this product to come forth.'Years later, He said, 'It's been birthed, son.
Your job is finished.'I searched for it and, sure enough, it was a product.
I still don't know much about what it does, but I did my job. I saw the cure for cancer again today.
I saw a demonic hand with long black nails holding it hostage, trying to block it from the people. It was a demonic stronghold.
The Lord told me to come against that stronghold with the prayer warriors, to raise a standard and break it free.
Pray for Robert F. Kennedy Jr. to bring forth freedom from the corruption of pesticides and chemtrails.
There will be a change; I have seen it. God is going to bring this as a sign of mercy to this generation. Cancer is demonic; the way it expands is demonic.
The cure is out there and they know it, but this is a greedy pharmakeia agenda to keep back something that should have been out years ago.
We lift up Robert F. Kennedy Jr. before You in the name of Jesus.
We thank You, Lord, that he is protected and called for such a time as this.
We thank You that all evil agendas will be uncovered and that You are raising up men and women of integrity.
We tell that demonic hand holding back the things God has for His people to release them now in Jesus'name!
We command those people to be removed—like an Ananias of fire if need be.
I thank You that all corruption is exposed. We call the cure for cancer to come forth in the name of Jesus.
Just as every vaccination once eradicated diseases, this will be a thing of the past. At last, at last! We call forth the healing power of God.
We expose what's being put in our food, our water, and the things causing the explosion in autism—one in 144, maybe more now.
We speak to the symptoms of cancer, diabetes, heart disease, brain clots, tumors, and strokes.
We speak healing and wholeness. By Your stripes, we are healed.
We thank You that the demonic stronghold holding back godly wisdom for supplements is broken.
We eradicate this disease in the name of Jesus. You are parting the seas just as You did for Moses.
All hidden things will be revealed. The FDA will get out of the way, and You will put godly men and women over these organizations.
You are removing the Pharaohs of our generation. Father, we thank You for bringing it to pass.
Our eyes are always on You, Jesus. You are our healer and deliverer.
We thank You that Elon Musk is radically born again. Men of great wealth will be saved for the glory of God.
They will use things like Starlink to bring the Gospel throughout the whole world.
I thank You for a supernatural parting of the Red Sea for him, that he would have a visitation from You and know that Jesus is the Messiah.
We pray that any demonic women sent to snare him would be removed and that godly people would help him.
We thank You for protection over President Trump. He is covered and controlled by the Holy Spirit, with wisdom like Solomon.
We pray for supernatural wisdom to turn things around. We pray for Robert F.
Kennedy Jr. again, that godly wisdom would flow over him. You are removing obstacles in their paths.
We apply the blood of Jesus over Donald Trump's cabinet, his family, his wife, and his children.
No weapon formed against him shall prosper. We pray for supernatural protection through January; there will be no attempts on his life.
We thank You for godly wisdom to turn around finances. We bless Israel and the peace of Jerusalem.
We pray for Benjamin Netanyahu to have godly wisdom. I call the hostages freed in Jesus'name.
I see the border of Syria—I call them free! We thank You that the wealth of the sinner is laid up for the righteous.
Let it go now in Jesus'name! When I took authority over the wealth transfer, I saw frogs with big warts—like toads—jumping away.
No more nights with the frogs! I hear a turnaround in the spirit.
I feel a wave of financial blessing. There is a parting in the sky; no more holding back finances.
There will be a torrential downpour of glory and finances upon the church. As you sowed in the past, you'll reap at last.
Great finances will pour through your hands to bring in the spoils of the lost.
The glory is here! Receive it in Jesus'name. The silver and the gold are Mine, says the Lord.
Get ready for manifestations of divine power. The days of lack are over.
Be in step with the Spirit. This is part of the end-time harvest plan.
Oh, the wealth transfer! It is the goodness of God. He has laid up treasures for you.
Restitution for all you have gone through! If the thief has been found, he must repay sevenfold.
Make him restore what he stole! I am speaking to the remnant.
There is blessing in Goshen and Canaan, but torment in Egypt.
The church is going to walk in a blessing and healing anointing like never before.
The world will get darker, but the church will be a spotless bride, shining like the noonday sun.
The world will see it and run to it. As for me and my house, we will serve the Lord.
Great financial blessing will come to those the Lord can trust—the remnant.
I see a storm coming on the East Coast, but that is not for you.
Just as there was darkness in Egypt but light in Goshen, this is a type and shadow.
God has a million ways to get you a million dollars overnight. The light is getting lighter. We are the great harvesters.
Angel armies are taking the blinders off your loved ones'eyes. They are coming home—from Elon Musk to Taylor Swift.
There will be a great harvest, even in Hollywood, the Senate, and the House.
There will be prayer services in the Oval Office. There will be brush arbor churches throughout the world.
Healings beyond wildest dreams will manifest. Get your heart ready; Jesus is coming.
This is the last push. God has set the revival in motion for a harvest of souls.
I see the bride marching, joining together as one, being taken up before the Father.
The Rapture is soon. We are bringing people in from the ends of the Earth, then we are going home.
We are the victorious, glorious church. We are joint heirs with Jesus Christ, sons and daughters of the Most High.
No more bondage or satanic oppression. We are without spot or wrinkle.
Judgment begins in the house of the Lord, but He is raising up new Davids.
Believe God for a big ending to 2024 and 2025. It is light in Canaan and dark in Egypt.
Praise the Lord! That word fell in like a wave. It is fun being a Christian!
If you're new, thank you for joining us. I pray your fire was fanned.
God is a good God. The world will go through things, but we go from glory to glory.
If you spend time with Him, He will tell you about the Rapture and the glory.
He is not a 'wife beater'who wants to beat you; He brings His glory.
Please subscribe to our YouTube channel; it helps the algorithm. My wife said we have 65,000 people on TikTok.
I cannot stand TikTok, but young people are watching and getting saved.
You can find our links in the description—Instagram, Facebook, TikTok, and my X, Elon.
I don't go on them much; my son and wife take care of it. Put a smile on your face and a song in your heart.
Jesus loves you, and we will see you tomorrow. God bless you.